README.md, before:

## Projekte
<!--
docu: [![doxygen html](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/result/docu/doc/html/doxygen.png)](https://rawgit.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/result/docu/doc/html/index.html)

[comment]: # (doxygen latex pdf output? https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/doc/latex/refman.pdf)

### Drone_MultiWii / FlightController

code: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/sketchbook.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/sketchbook)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/docker-sketchbook.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/docker-sketchbook)

PCB: [![design rule check status](https://edrc.me/api/v1/user/drtrigon/project/eagle/img/status.svg)](https://edrc.me/g/drtrigon/eagle)
[![GERBER Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/eagle.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/eagle)
https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle

[![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_sch.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_sch.png)](https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_sch.png)

[![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.brd from EDRC.me](https://edrc.me/api/v1/user/drtrigon/project/eagle/img/file/projects%2FDrone_MultiWii%2FFlightController.png?ref=refs%2Fheads%2Fmaster)](https://edrc.me/g/drtrigon/eagle)
[![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.png)](https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.png)
* GERBER: https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.zip
* partlist: https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.txt

https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/tree/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii logs:
* https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.gpi
* https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.dri

[![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_auto.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_auto.png)](https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_auto.png)
-->
docu: ![doxygen html](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/result/docu/doc/html/doxygen.png)[...](https://rawgit.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/result/docu/doc/html/index.html)

[comment]: # (doxygen latex pdf output? https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/doc/latex/refman.pdf)

code: ![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/sketchbook.svg?branch=master)[...](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/sketchbook)

PCB: ![design rule check status](https://edrc.me/api/v1/user/drtrigon/project/eagle/img/status.svg)[...](https://edrc.me/g/drtrigon/eagle)
https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle

### Drone_MultiWii / FlightController

code: ![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/docker-sketchbook.svg?branch=master)[...](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/docker-sketchbook)
* [compile](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/MultiWii_2_4/MultiWii/MultiWii.ino.compile), [info](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/MultiWii_2_4/MultiWii/MultiWii.ino.info)
* [style](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/MultiWii_2_4/MultiWii/MultiWii.ino.style)

PCB: ![GERBER Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/eagle.svg?branch=master)[...](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/eagle)

<!--![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_sch.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_sch.png)--><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_sch.png" width="600">
[...](https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_sch.png)

![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.brd from EDRC.me](https://edrc.me/api/v1/user/drtrigon/project/eagle/img/file/projects%2FDrone_MultiWii%2FFlightController.png?ref=refs%2Fheads%2Fmaster)[...](https://edrc.me/g/drtrigon/eagle)
<!--![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.png)--><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.png" width="600">
[...](https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.png)
* GERBER: https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.zip
* partlist: https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.txt

https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/tree/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii logs:
* https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.gpi
* https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.dri

<!--![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_auto.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_auto.png)--><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_auto.png" width="600">
[...](https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_auto.png)

CAD:
* https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/master/MultiWii_2_4/Drone-MultiWii_FlightController.stl

[comment]: # (@htmlonly
    <table>
      <tr>
        <td>
          <script src="https://embed.github.com/view/3d/drtrigon/sketchbook/master/MultiWii_2_4/Drone-MultiWii_FlightController.stl"></script><br>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
@endhtmlonly)

#### changelog pcb (eagle)

todo 1.0 -> 1.1

* more info to silk screen; GND, 5V, PIN NUMBERS (at least first/last in row), 
* name/value the connectors (insead of manually putting text on silk screen) - improve schematic also
* use milling??
* ...

main changes 1.0 -> 1.1

* silk screen; plugin board shapes
* copper top plane; inverted font for info field
* geometry; size and position of screw holes
* geometry; milled hole to reduce weight

### arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1 / Uno_OWSniffer

code:
* [compile](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_OWSniffer/Uno_OWSniffer.py.compile)
* [style](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_OWSniffer/Uno_OWSniffer.py.style)

PCB: [GERBER Build Status]

* https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/master/Uno_OWSniffer/Uno_OWSniffer_Schaltplan.pdf
* https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/master/Uno_OWSniffer/Uno_OWSniffer_Leiterplatte.pdf

![Uno_OWSniffer/Uno_OWSniffer_Steckplatine.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/master/Uno_OWSniffer/Uno_OWSniffer_Steckplatine.png)[...](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/master/Uno_OWSniffer/Uno_OWSniffer_Steckplatine.png)

[projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1_sch.png]

![projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1.brd from EDRC.me](https://edrc.me/api/v1/user/drtrigon/project/eagle/img/file/projects%2Farduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1%2F1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1.png?ref=refs%2Fheads%2Fmaster)[...](https://edrc.me/g/drtrigon/eagle)
[projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1.png]
<!--
* GERBER: https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1.zip
* partlist: https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1.txt

https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/tree/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii logs:
* https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1.gpi
* https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1.dri
-->

[projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1_auto.png]

### Uno_OWSlave - OWH_DS2433_EEPROM_LCD_Sensors

code:
* [compile](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_OWSlave/OWH_DS2433_EEPROM_LCD_Sensors/OWH_DS2433_EEPROM_LCD_Sensors.ino.compile), [info](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_OWSlave/OWH_DS2433_EEPROM_LCD_Sensors/OWH_DS2433_EEPROM_LCD_Sensors.ino.info)
* [style](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_OWSlave/OWH_DS2433_EEPROM_LCD_Sensors/OWH_DS2433_EEPROM_LCD_Sensors.ino.style)

### Uno_N64_Controller_Pak_Reader

code:
* [compile](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_N64_Controller_Pak_Reader/Uno_N64_Controller_Pak_Reader.ino.compile), [info](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_N64_Controller_Pak_Reader/Uno_N64_Controller_Pak_Reader.ino.info)
* [style](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_N64_Controller_Pak_Reader/Uno_N64_Controller_Pak_Reader.ino.style)

https://github.com/sanni/cartreader/issues/16

### micpy - ESP8266_SHT31_WiFi_pseudoREST

code:
* [compile](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/micpy/ESP8266_SHT31_WiFi_pseudoREST/*.py.compile)
* [style](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/micpy/ESP8266_SHT31_WiFi_pseudoREST/*.py.style)

### N64TinyUSB

code: (attiny45 n64-usb for attiny85)
* [compile](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/cli/n64dual_tiny45/main.hex.compile), [info](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/cli/n64dual_tiny45/main.hex.info)
* style (I did not change or write anything - so why test?)

PCB: (Helvetiny 1.0 pcb design)

![projects/N64TinyUSB/N64TinyUSB_HelveTiny_1.0.brd from EDRC.me](https://edrc.me/api/v1/user/drtrigon/project/eagle/img/file/projects%2FN64TinyUSB%2FN64TinyUSB_HelveTiny_1.0.png?ref=refs%2Fheads%2Fmaster)[...](https://edrc.me/g/drtrigon/eagle)

(update eagle main README.md, travis)

CAD:
* ???

## Setup
(might make sense to split projects off into separate repos/submodules)

I would like to use features like CI (continous integration) keep a copy/mirror on e.g. github and more.

Maintaining a copy/mirror (more precise: with 2 remotes overloaded origin) on GitHub also allows
to use GitLab and GitHub together and by that all the nice featurs on GitHub.
See also; https://steveperkins.com/migrating-projects-from-github-to-gitlab/

"Option 2: Overload Origin with Both Remotes (needs one single pull/push only)"; in order to clone
and set this repo up use:
```
$ git clone file://///data/mount/gvfs/smb-share:server=.../01git/sketchbook.git
$ cd sketchbook
$ git remote set-url --add origin https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook.git
```
you can check the settings with:
```
$ git remote -v
origin  /data/mount/gvfs/smb-share:server=.../01git/sketchbook.git/ (fetch)
origin  /data/mount/gvfs/smb-share:server=.../01git/sketchbook.git/ (push)
origin  https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook.git (push)
```

### Enable Travis CI for a Repository (for Arduino)
https://learn.adafruit.com/continuous-integration-arduino-and-you/testing-your-project

Login to Travis-CI using the GitHub account and enable Travis-CI for the given repo.

Add a .travis.yml file to your project, commit, pull/push and enjoy.

A word of caution; the travis run will at the end - if successfull - try to push the
results back to this repo.

May be split off some sub-directories like MultiWii (for simpler testing),
see also: https://help.github.com/articles/splitting-a-subfolder-out-into-a-new-repository/.

Consider creating a docker for testing and may be upload of the skechtes, using:
https://github.com/drtrigon/docker-arduino (see also: https://github.com/tombenke/darduino
and https://github.com/suculent/arduino-docker-build)

### Enable EDRC.ME for a Repository (for Eagle)
See https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle

### Enable CAD View (for Catia)
* https://help.github.com/articles/3d-file-viewer/
* https://blog.github.com/2013-04-09-stl-file-viewing/
* https://blog.github.com/2013-09-17-3d-file-diffs/

#### Create CAD (.stl) Designs online easily
See https://www.tinkercad.com/

#### Create PCB Designs online easily
See https://easyeda.com/

Do not use upverter or else as it does not allow to export. EasyEDA supports at least netlist export. Locally use KiCAD or eagle.

### Further Info
* convert STEP file to .stl online: https://www.makexyz.com/convert/step-to-stl
* convert Catia file to .stl online: https://www.convertcadfiles.com/de/konvertieren/
* add doxygen to repository
  * The Well-Automated Arduino Library - Adafruit Learning System: https://learn.adafruit.com/the-well-automated-arduino-library/doxygen
  * https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35500277/doxygen-for-ino-files-arduino

## License

The content of this project itself is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us/deed.en_US), and the underlying source code used to format and display that content is licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php), see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for license rights and limitations (MIT).

Commit message:

new feature; * add hint to MemCARDuino and MemcardRex in Windows VirtualBox VM

README.md, after:

## Projekte
<!--
docu: [![doxygen html](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/result/docu/doc/html/doxygen.png)](https://rawgit.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/result/docu/doc/html/index.html)

[comment]: # (doxygen latex pdf output? https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/doc/latex/refman.pdf)

### Drone_MultiWii / FlightController

code: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/sketchbook.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/sketchbook)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/docker-sketchbook.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/docker-sketchbook)

PCB: [![design rule check status](https://edrc.me/api/v1/user/drtrigon/project/eagle/img/status.svg)](https://edrc.me/g/drtrigon/eagle)
[![GERBER Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/eagle.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/eagle)
https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle

[![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_sch.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_sch.png)](https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_sch.png)

[![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.brd from EDRC.me](https://edrc.me/api/v1/user/drtrigon/project/eagle/img/file/projects%2FDrone_MultiWii%2FFlightController.png?ref=refs%2Fheads%2Fmaster)](https://edrc.me/g/drtrigon/eagle)
[![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.png)](https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.png)
* GERBER: https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.zip
* partlist: https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.txt

https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/tree/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii logs:
* https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.gpi
* https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.dri

[![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_auto.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_auto.png)](https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_auto.png)
-->
docu: ![doxygen html](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/result/docu/doc/html/doxygen.png)[...](https://rawgit.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/result/docu/doc/html/index.html)

[comment]: # (doxygen latex pdf output? https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/doc/latex/refman.pdf)

code: ![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/sketchbook.svg?branch=master)[...](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/sketchbook)

PCB: ![design rule check status](https://edrc.me/api/v1/user/drtrigon/project/eagle/img/status.svg)[...](https://edrc.me/g/drtrigon/eagle)
https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle

### Drone_MultiWii / FlightController

code: ![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/docker-sketchbook.svg?branch=master)[...](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/docker-sketchbook)
* [compile](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/MultiWii_2_4/MultiWii/MultiWii.ino.compile), [info](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/MultiWii_2_4/MultiWii/MultiWii.ino.info)
* [style](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/MultiWii_2_4/MultiWii/MultiWii.ino.style)

PCB: ![GERBER Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/eagle.svg?branch=master)[...](https://travis-ci.org/drtrigon/eagle)

<!--![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_sch.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_sch.png)--><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_sch.png" width="600">
[...](https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_sch.png)

![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.brd from EDRC.me](https://edrc.me/api/v1/user/drtrigon/project/eagle/img/file/projects%2FDrone_MultiWii%2FFlightController.png?ref=refs%2Fheads%2Fmaster)[...](https://edrc.me/g/drtrigon/eagle)
<!--![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.png)--><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.png" width="600">
[...](https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.png)
* GERBER: https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.zip
* partlist: https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.txt

https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/tree/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii logs:
* https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.gpi
* https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController.dri

<!--![projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_auto.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_auto.png)--><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/eagle/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_auto.png" width="600">
[...](https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii/FlightController_auto.png)

CAD:
* https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/master/MultiWii_2_4/Drone-MultiWii_FlightController.stl

[comment]: # (@htmlonly
    <table>
      <tr>
        <td>
          <script src="https://embed.github.com/view/3d/drtrigon/sketchbook/master/MultiWii_2_4/Drone-MultiWii_FlightController.stl"></script><br>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
@endhtmlonly)

#### changelog pcb (eagle)

todo 1.0 -> 1.1

* more info to silk screen; GND, 5V, PIN NUMBERS (at least first/last in row), 
* name/value the connectors (insead of manually putting text on silk screen) - improve schematic also
* use milling??
* ...

main changes 1.0 -> 1.1

* silk screen; plugin board shapes
* copper top plane; inverted font for info field
* geometry; size and position of screw holes
* geometry; milled hole to reduce weight

### arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1 / Uno_OWSniffer

code:
* [compile](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_OWSniffer/Uno_OWSniffer.py.compile)
* [style](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_OWSniffer/Uno_OWSniffer.py.style)

PCB: [GERBER Build Status]

* https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/master/Uno_OWSniffer/Uno_OWSniffer_Schaltplan.pdf
* https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/master/Uno_OWSniffer/Uno_OWSniffer_Leiterplatte.pdf

![Uno_OWSniffer/Uno_OWSniffer_Steckplatine.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/master/Uno_OWSniffer/Uno_OWSniffer_Steckplatine.png)[...](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/master/Uno_OWSniffer/Uno_OWSniffer_Steckplatine.png)

[projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1_sch.png]

![projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1.brd from EDRC.me](https://edrc.me/api/v1/user/drtrigon/project/eagle/img/file/projects%2Farduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1%2F1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1.png?ref=refs%2Fheads%2Fmaster)[...](https://edrc.me/g/drtrigon/eagle)
[projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1.png]
<!--
* GERBER: https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1.zip
* partlist: https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1.txt

https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/tree/result/pcb/projects/Drone_MultiWii logs:
* https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1.gpi
* https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle/blob/result/pcb/projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1.dri
-->

[projects/arduino-papilio_1-WireSniffer_Rev1/1-Wire_Sniffer_REV1_auto.png]

### Uno_OWSlave - OWH_DS2433_EEPROM_LCD_Sensors

code:
* [compile](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_OWSlave/OWH_DS2433_EEPROM_LCD_Sensors/OWH_DS2433_EEPROM_LCD_Sensors.ino.compile), [info](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_OWSlave/OWH_DS2433_EEPROM_LCD_Sensors/OWH_DS2433_EEPROM_LCD_Sensors.ino.info)
* [style](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_OWSlave/OWH_DS2433_EEPROM_LCD_Sensors/OWH_DS2433_EEPROM_LCD_Sensors.ino.style)

### Uno_N64_Controller_Pak_Reader

code:
* [compile](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_N64_Controller_Pak_Reader/Uno_N64_Controller_Pak_Reader.ino.compile), [info](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_N64_Controller_Pak_Reader/Uno_N64_Controller_Pak_Reader.ino.info)
* [style](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/Uno_N64_Controller_Pak_Reader/Uno_N64_Controller_Pak_Reader.ino.style)

https://github.com/sanni/cartreader/issues/16

For PS1 (and PS2?) see the Windows VirtualBox VM and look there for MemcardRex and MemCARDuino - look at the schematic also.
They do work out of the box, for more info see:
* MemCARDuino: https://github.com/ShendoXT/memcarduino
* MemcardRex 1.8: http://shendosoft.blogspot.ch/2014/01/memcardrex-18-released.html

### micpy - ESP8266_SHT31_WiFi_pseudoREST

code:
* [compile](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/micpy/ESP8266_SHT31_WiFi_pseudoREST/*.py.compile)
* [style](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/micpy/ESP8266_SHT31_WiFi_pseudoREST/*.py.style)

### N64TinyUSB

code: (attiny45 n64-usb for attiny85)
* [compile](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/cli/n64dual_tiny45/main.hex.compile), [info](https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook/blob/result/docu/cli/n64dual_tiny45/main.hex.info)
* style (I did not change or write anything - so why test?)

PCB: (Helvetiny 1.0 pcb design)

![projects/N64TinyUSB/N64TinyUSB_HelveTiny_1.0.brd from EDRC.me](https://edrc.me/api/v1/user/drtrigon/project/eagle/img/file/projects%2FN64TinyUSB%2FN64TinyUSB_HelveTiny_1.0.png?ref=refs%2Fheads%2Fmaster)[...](https://edrc.me/g/drtrigon/eagle)

(update eagle main README.md, travis)

CAD:
* ???

## Setup
(might make sense to split projects off into separate repos/submodules)

I would like to use features like CI (continous integration) keep a copy/mirror on e.g. github and more.

Maintaining a copy/mirror (more precise: with 2 remotes overloaded origin) on GitHub also allows
to use GitLab and GitHub together and by that all the nice featurs on GitHub.
See also; https://steveperkins.com/migrating-projects-from-github-to-gitlab/

"Option 2: Overload Origin with Both Remotes (needs one single pull/push only)"; in order to clone
and set this repo up use:
```
$ git clone file://///data/mount/gvfs/smb-share:server=.../01git/sketchbook.git
$ cd sketchbook
$ git remote set-url --add origin https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook.git
```
you can check the settings with:
```
$ git remote -v
origin  /data/mount/gvfs/smb-share:server=.../01git/sketchbook.git/ (fetch)
origin  /data/mount/gvfs/smb-share:server=.../01git/sketchbook.git/ (push)
origin  https://github.com/drtrigon/sketchbook.git (push)
```

### Enable Travis CI for a Repository (for Arduino)
https://learn.adafruit.com/continuous-integration-arduino-and-you/testing-your-project

Login to Travis-CI using the GitHub account and enable Travis-CI for the given repo.

Add a .travis.yml file to your project, commit, pull/push and enjoy.

A word of caution; the travis run will at the end - if successfull - try to push the
results back to this repo.

May be split off some sub-directories like MultiWii (for simpler testing),
see also: https://help.github.com/articles/splitting-a-subfolder-out-into-a-new-repository/.

Consider creating a docker for testing and may be upload of the skechtes, using:
https://github.com/drtrigon/docker-arduino (see also: https://github.com/tombenke/darduino
and https://github.com/suculent/arduino-docker-build)

### Enable EDRC.ME for a Repository (for Eagle)
See https://github.com/drtrigon/eagle

### Enable CAD View (for Catia)
* https://help.github.com/articles/3d-file-viewer/
* https://blog.github.com/2013-04-09-stl-file-viewing/
* https://blog.github.com/2013-09-17-3d-file-diffs/

#### Create CAD (.stl) Designs online easily
See https://www.tinkercad.com/

#### Create PCB Designs online easily
See https://easyeda.com/

Do not use upverter or else as it does not allow to export. EasyEDA supports at least netlist export. Locally use KiCAD or eagle.

### Further Info
* convert STEP file to .stl online: https://www.makexyz.com/convert/step-to-stl
* convert Catia file to .stl online: https://www.convertcadfiles.com/de/konvertieren/
* add doxygen to repository
  * The Well-Automated Arduino Library - Adafruit Learning System: https://learn.adafruit.com/the-well-automated-arduino-library/doxygen
  * https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35500277/doxygen-for-ino-files-arduino

## License

The content of this project itself is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us/deed.en_US), and the underlying source code used to format and display that content is licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php), see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for license rights and limitations (MIT).
