cli/n64dual_tiny45/README.md, before:

# N64 Controller HID Joystick based on ATTiny (N64TinyUSB)

@ref Uno_ppmUSBjoy shows how to implement a HID Joystick (no need for driver on most OSes) on AVR platform using VUSB.
That project uses an ATMega328 (Arduino Uno) to connect a PPM source (R/C Transmitter) to a PC.

This project should do the same using a N64 Controller on the input. As we want to improve we aim at using minimal hardware
and ressources and thus want to replace the Arduino Uno by an ATTiny ([Helvetiny](https://github.com/boxtec/helvetiny85)).

As it turns out somebody was faster:
* attiny45 n64-usb (new version): https://matthiaslinder.com/?view=attiny45+n64-usb
* n64, gc to usb (old version): https://matthiaslinder.com/?view=n64%2C+gc+to+usb

By the way it exists for (S)NES also:
* tinyntendo: https://github.com/kunaakos/tinyntendo

## attiny45 n64-usb

First change PROGRAMMER and may be others in Makefile. Use Arduino Uno as ISP for ATTiny.

flash fuses and firmware (from already existing hex file)
> make program

delete objects and hex file
> make clean
compile and flash
> make all

(lets try the guy; use hex/code from attiny45 n64-usb and eagle board/schematics from helvetiny85 ... jlcpcb)

## PCB (design based on Helvetiny 1.0)

@ref n64dual_schematic.png

Commit message:

new feature; * first compile and programming of N64TinyUSB

cli/n64dual_tiny45/README.md, after:

# N64 Controller HID Joystick based on ATTiny (N64TinyUSB)

@ref Uno_ppmUSBjoy shows how to implement a HID Joystick (no need for driver on most OSes) on AVR platform using VUSB.
That project uses an ATMega328 (Arduino Uno) to connect a PPM source (R/C Transmitter) to a PC.

This project should do the same using a N64 Controller on the input. As we want to improve we aim at using minimal hardware
and ressources and thus want to replace the Arduino Uno by an ATTiny ([Helvetiny](https://github.com/boxtec/helvetiny85)).

As it turns out somebody was faster:
* attiny45 n64-usb (new version): https://matthiaslinder.com/?view=attiny45+n64-usb
* n64, gc to usb (old version): https://matthiaslinder.com/?view=n64%2C+gc+to+usb

By the way it exists for (S)NES also:
* tinyntendo: https://github.com/kunaakos/tinyntendo

## attiny45 n64-usb

First need to change some settings in the Makefile:
> #DEVICE  = attiny45
> DEVICE  = attiny85
> ...
> #PROGRAMMER = usbasp
> PROGRAMMER = avrisp -b 19200 -P /dev/ttyACM0

This will compile and upload the code to an ATTiny85 using an Arduino Uno as ISP (avrisp).


delete objects and hex file (the ones in the repo are for attiny45, we need attiny85)
> $ make clean

compile and flash
> $ make all


Compilling and programming worked like a charm.

## PCB (design based on Helvetiny 1.0)

@ref n64dual_schematic.png

(lets try the guy; eagle board/schematics from helvetiny85 ... jlcpcb)
